fix: pass all valid options to nested commands in `ddev composer create`, fixes #6300, fixes #6246, for #5058 (#6303)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/developer-tools.md

When using `ddev composer create` your project should be essentially empty or the command will refuse to run, to avoid loss of your files.

> Standard order of operations for `ddev composer create`:

Reviewer: I sure like this section!

```suggestion
`ddev composer create` does these things in this order:
```

1. `composer create-project --no-plugins --no-scripts --no-install` clones a bare Composer package without any additional actions.

> 2. `composer run-script post-root-package-install` runs if `--no-scripts` is not provided manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `composer run-script post-root-package-install` runs if `--no-scripts` is not given as a flag to `ddev composer create`.
```

> 3. `composer install` runs if `--no-install` is not provided manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `composer install` runs if `--no-install` is not given as a flag to `ddev composer create`.
```

> 4. `composer run-script post-create-project-cmd` runs if `--no-scripts` is not provided manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `composer run-script post-create-project-cmd` runs if `--no-scripts` is not given as a flag to `ddev composer create`.
```
